Add Midnames community docs (#1003)
midnightntwrk/midnight-docs: sdks/community/midnames.mdx

---
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
copyright: This file is part of midnight-docs. Copyright (C) Midnight Foundation. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); You may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
sidebar_position: 10
sidebar_label: Midnames

> description: 

Reviewer: The `description` field is empty. Every page needs a 120–160 character description for SEO with primary keywords in sentence case.

```suggestion
description: "Learn how to use the Midnames Compact playground and name service to register human-readable names for Midnight addresses."
```

title: Midnames

> tags: [community, midnames, playground, sdk, nameservice]

Reviewer: Only 5 tags provided. Aim for 5–10 relevant terms including variations and synonyms focused on user intent.

```suggestion
tags: [community, midnames, playground, sdk, nameservice, name-service, compact, domains, address-resolution, npm]
```

toc_max_heading_level: 2
id: midnames
---

> # Midnames

Reviewer: Docusaurus renders the frontmatter `title` as the page H1 automatically, so the `# Midnames` here creates a duplicate H1. The page also needs an introductory paragraph explaining what Midnames is before jumping into sections.

```suggestion

Midnames is a community-built suite of tools for the Midnight Network, including a Compact playground for writing and testing smart contracts and a name service for registering human-readable domain names.
```

> ## Compact Playground

Reviewer: "Playground" should be lowercase in sentence case.

```suggestion
## Compact playground
```

Author: It's the name, it should be capitalized.

You can access the playground at [playground.midnames.com](https://playground.midnames.com/). There, you can write and compile Compact code, and interact with it using the integrated Simulator.

You'll find the examples from the [Compact documentation](https://docs.midnight.com/compact) in the "Examples" section of the playground. You can also create your own projects and share them with others.

### Compilation

> You can compile your Compact code either using a remote compiler (it sends the code to a server to compile it) or a local compiler (it uses a WASM-based version of the compiler that runs in your browser). The latter has some limitations, such as failing to generate proper error messages.

Reviewer: This sentence is 38 words. Consider splitting for readability.

```suggestion
You can compile your Compact code using either a remote or local compiler. The remote compiler sends code to a server. The local compiler uses a WASM-based version that runs in your browser, but has some limitations, such as failing to generate proper error messages.
```

:::caution[Local compilation]

> Note that the local compiler is slow and may take a while to compile larger contracts, and the errors it generates are not helpful.

Reviewer: Avoid "Note that" -- state the fact directly.

```suggestion
The local compiler is slow and may take a while to compile larger contracts. The errors it generates are not helpful.
```

:::

## Name service

> Midnames also runs a name service at [midnight.domains](https://midnight.domains/). The nameservice allows you to register human-readable names that resolve to Midnight addresses, making it easier to interact with contracts and addresses on the Midnight Network.

Reviewer: Inconsistent terminology "nameservice" (one word) here vs "name service" (two words) in the heading on line 30. Keep it consistent.

```suggestion
Midnames also runs a name service at [midnight.domains](https://midnight.domains/). The name service allows you to register human-readable names that resolve to Midnight addresses, making it easier to interact with contracts and addresses on the Midnight Network.
```

You can find a guide on how to buy a domain at [docs.midnight.domains](https://docs.midnight.domains/guides/buy_domain/).

### SDK

The midnight.domains SDK is available as an npm package. You can install it using:

```bash
npm install @midnames/sdk
```

> The SDK provides functions to interact with the name service, such as registering a name, resolving a name to an address, and more. You can find the documentation for the SDK at [docs.midnight.domains](https://docs.midnight.domains/reference/resolve/).

Reviewer: Vague filler**: "and more" is vague. Either list the key capabilities or drop it.

```suggestion
The SDK provides functions to interact with the name service, such as registering names and resolving names to addresses. You can find the documentation for the SDK at [docs.midnight.domains](https://docs.midnight.domains/reference/resolve/).
```
